## Cybersecurity Professional Statement

My name is **Keegan Bain**. I am a **Computer Science** graduate from **University of Illinois at Chicago**. I have a passion for all things tech whether it be something like a smartphone or one of those old CRT tvs and monitors. This passion for technology actually blossomed because of my eldest brother who used to spend weekends at our home tinkering with our old computer. He taught me quite a bit of the basics of computer hardware and networking and the rest of the knowledge I have, I picked up from online forums, YouTube videos and some really great people that I met during my time at university. 

My passion for technology is also the reason that I chose to study computer science as an elective during my school years and as my major for university. Over the years, I have developed a ***strong analytical and logical mindset*** which is required especially when you are coding. I also love trying to share the knowledge that I have with people in whatever little way that I can, be it helping them understand where they should place their routers in their house, ig they should delete some bloatware from their phones or computers, or sometimes even if what headphones/earphones or bluetooth speakers would suit their needs. My job as a teaching assistant during university led me to try to better understand the topics that were taught in class so that I could then explain those same concepts in different ways to students depending on their level of understanding.

Now onto why I chose to do the Google Cybersecurity Professional Certificate. I have recently gained an interest in the field of cybersecurity ever since my old mentor, my brother, told me about his current work i.e. a data center technician. He was telling me once about how his company has been contemplating a move to cloud services instead of hosting all their stuff locally and how various people have brought up the topic of information security. That is when I took some time to dip my toes into how cloud security works. 

From what information that I could gather and based on my experience during university (including my major) I felt that I have a good array of transferable skills to be successful in the field of cybersecurity especially for cloud based solutions as most new software development makes adequate use of cloud computing in various ways such as data storage, code execution, etc.
